---
layout: post
title: Fuck Windows
lead: And fuck you if you support it.
---

I like to compare the choice between Windows and Linux to the choice on where to live. With Linux, you get a nice house, you can choose if you want it to be a nice fixer upper or a fully built, modern, good looking house. The best part is, it's free! You don't even have to answer to a landlord, you can do whatever you want. On the other hand you have Donald Trump as a landlord, invading your privacy, not allowing you to even move furniture, and constantly changing the terms of your lease to be even more restrictive and inhumane. Not only that, but the house is in an unsafe part of town, and costs money. You can do your best to shut him out, and use tools like a lawyer to try and stop some of his bad behavior, but at the end of the day, you'd be so much happier and more at peace if you would just be free. 

I have no respect for you if you choose the latter. If you have the option to be free, have a faster, more privacy respecting, safer, better looking system, and you choose the locked down, evil company who exists mainly on ripping customers off, then I don't respect you as a person. You are no better than a little robot, too afraid of change to save yourself. Less than 2% of games don't work on Linux. That 2% is not the fault of Linux. It is the fault of the developers not ticking that box to export to Linux because they are afraid at the freedom of the user. These are the same pieces of software that invade your privacy with kernel level anti-cheats and  Photoshop and other proprietary software fall under the same category. Evil corporate overlords don't want you to have the freedom of choice. They want you locked in a cycle of purchasing and they achieve this through restrictive software like Windows. They don't care about the user experience. All they care about is you and your money. 
